1. A - OK
2. A - OK
3. C - OK
4. C - OK
5. D  - X (A,D)
6. B  - OK
7. C - X (E)
    A case statement on an enum data type must be unqualified name of an enumeration constant. For example case
    VANILLA would be valid. You cannot use the ordinal equivalents.

8. E - X (C)
    Inner is a member inner class. Inner classes are not allowed to contain static methods or static variables.
    Only nested static classes are permitted to contain statics.
9. C - X (B)
    Outer.this.x is the correct way to refer to x in the Outer class
10. A - X (C)
    The code compiles fine. A member inner class is allowed to be private, and it is allowed to refer to instance variables from the outer class.
    Two .class files are generated. Book.class matches the name of the outer class. The inner class does not compile
    to BookReader.class. That would introduce the possibility of a naming conflict. Book$BookReader.class is correct because it shows the scope of
    the class is limited to Book. You don’t need to know that $ is the syntax,
    but you do need to know the number of classes and that BookReader is not a top-level class.
11. D, B - X (D)
    Correct: import static my.sports.Football.*
    B is incorrect because * does not import classes in a package (import static my.sports.*)

12. C - X (E)
    The main method tries to cast a Firefox instance to IE. Since IE is not a subclass of Firefox, this throws a ClassCastException
13. F - X (B)
    c is an instance of Chipmunk. It is an instance of any superclasses or interfaces it implements.
    In this case, those are Furry, Mammal, and Object. null is not an instance of any type.
    Therefore, the first two if statements execute and result is 3.

    null instanceof Chipmunk (COMPILES)
14. E, F - X (E)
    F does compile because Runnable is an interface. In theory, someone could subclass Chipmunk and have the subclass implement Runnable.
15. E, B - OK
16. B - X (E)
    This is a member inner class. It needs to be created using an instance of the outer class.
    The syntax looks weird, but it creates an object of the outer class and then an object of the inner class from it.

17. G - X (B,C)
    Enums are required to have a semicolon after the list of values if there is anything else in the enum.
    Enums are not allowed to have a public constructor.

18. G - OK
    abstract enum methods require each enum type to implement the method
19. A - X (A,C)
    final keyboard does not affect on method overrides
20. C - OK
    Virtual method invocation says that the subclass method gets called at runtime rather than the type in the variable reference.
    However, we are not calling methods here. We are referring to instance variables. With instance variables, the reference type does matter.
21. A, C, E - OK

9/21 FAIL